access.redhawk.org: Clear
b.barracudacentral.org: Listed
bl.shlink.org: Clear
bl.spamcannibal.org:
bl.spamcop.net: Clear
bl.tiopan.com: Clear
blackholes.wirehub.net: Clear
blacklist.sci.kun.nl: Clear
block.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
blocked.hilli.dk: Clear
bogons.cymru.com: Clear
cart00ney.surriel.com: Clear
cbl.abuseat.org: Clear
cblless.anti-spam.org.cn: Clear
dev.null.dk: Clear
dialup.blacklist.jippg.org: Clear
dialups.mail-abuse.org: Clear
dialups.visi.com: Clear
dnsbl.abuse.ch: Clear
dnsbl.anticaptcha.net: Clear
dnsbl.antispam.or.id: Clear
dnsbl.dronebl.org: Clear
dnsbl.justspam.org: Clear
dnsbl.kempt.net: Clear
dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
dnsbl.tornevall.org: Clear
dnsbl-1.uceprotect.net: Clear
duinv.aupads.org: Clear
dnsbl-2.uceprotect.net: Clear
dnsbl-3.uceprotect.net: Clear
dul.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
dul.ru: Clear
escalations.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
hil.habeas.com: Clear
black.junkemailfilter.com: Clear
http.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
intruders.docs.uu.se: Clear
ips.backscatterer.org: Clear
korea.services.net: Clear
l2.apews.org: Listed
mail-abuse.blacklist.jippg.org: Clear
misc.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
msgid.bl.gweep.ca: Clear
new.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
no-more-funn.moensted.dk: Clear
old.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
opm.tornevall.org: Clear
pbl.spamhaus.org: Clear
proxy.bl.gweep.ca: Clear
psbl.surriel.com: Clear
pss.spambusters.org.ar: Clear
rbl.schulte.org: Clear
rbl.snark.net: Clear
recent.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
relays.bl.gweep.ca: Clear
relays.bl.kundenserver.de: Clear
relays.mail-abuse.org: Clear
relays.nether.net: Clear
rsbl.aupads.org: Clear
sbl.spamhaus.org: Clear
smtp.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
socks.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
spam.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
spam.olsentech.net: Clear
spamguard.leadmon.net: Clear
spamsources.fabel.dk: Clear
tor.dnsbl.sectoor.de: Clear
ubl.unsubscore.com: Clear
web.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
xbl.spamhaus.org: Clear
zen.spamhaus.org: Clear
zombie.dnsbl.sorbs.net: Clear
dnsbl.inps.de: Clear
dyn.shlink.org: Clear
rbl.megarbl.net: Clear
bl.mailspike.net: Clear
